h1. PT Field Pack for EE2

This is the collection of fieldtypes that come bundled with "FieldFrame":http://pixelandtonic.com/fieldframe, ported to ExpressionEngine 2.

h3. Why?

Yes, EE2 comes with its own Checkboxes, Select Dropdown, Multi Select, and Radio Buttons fieldtypes. Here’s why you should bother installing these:

* Specify each option’s label separately from its value
* Group your options into optgroups
* Multiple template tags for accessing your option settings and field data in different ways
* Matrix 2 compatibility ;)

h3. Prerequisites

* "ExpressionEngine":http://expressionengine.com/public_beta/ 2.0.1 *build 20100215* or later
* PHP 5

h3. Installation Instructions

# Upload all of the folders within @ee2/third_party/@ to @system/expressionengine/third_party/@
# Enable the PT Field Pack extension in Add-Ons → Extensions
# Enable whichever fieldtypes you wish to use in Add-Ons → Fieldtypes

h3. Documentation

Most of the bundled fieldtype documentation at http://pixelandtonic.com/fieldframe/docs will apply to these, but note that:

* "FF Checkbox":http://pixelandtonic.com/fieldframe/docs/ff-checkbox and "FF Checkbox Group":http://pixelandtonic.com/fieldframe/docs/ff-checkbox-group are now combined into PT Checkboxes
* "FF Select":http://pixelandtonic.com/fieldframe/docs/ff-select has been renamed to PT Dropdown
* "FF Radio Group":http://pixelandtonic.com/fieldframe/docs/ff-radio-group has been renamed to PT Radio Buttons
* "FF Multi-select":http://pixelandtonic.com/fieldframe/docs/ff-multi-select has been renamed to PT Multiselect

These changes have been made to more closely resemble the fieldtypes that come bundled with EE2.
